DEVDOCS-5064: [update] Settings API, differentiate global vs channel inventory settings (#1981)
bigcommerce/dev-docs: docs/api-docs/webhooks/webhook-events.mdx

| store/product/created | Fires when a new product is created. |
| store/product/updated | Fires when product details are edited. For a full list of product fields that trigger an updated event, consult the following section on [product updated events](#product-update-events). |
| store/product/inventory/updated | Fires when inventory levels change for a _base product_. For products without variants, the webhook fires regardless of how you track inventory. <br /><br />For products with variants, the webhook only fires when the product's inventory properties are configured to track by _product_ and the _product-level_ inventory changes. <br /><br />Inventory updates made in the control panel and by API trigger the webhook. This includes changes made by apps. In the control panel, you can bulk import inventory updates or make inventory updates to single products on the **Products > View** page.  |

> | store/product/inventory/order/updated | Fires when _base product_ inventory levels change in response to the order-related events configured in [Inventory settings](/docs/rest-management/settings/inventory#get-inventory-settings). For example, stock levels can change when you either place or complete/ship an order. Stock levels can also change when you refund or cancel an order. Global settings apply when inventory changes through a [manual order](https://support.bigcommerce.com/s/article/Creating-a-Manual-Order?language=en_US). The settings for a channel apply when inventory changes through an order in a channel.<br /><br />The webhook always fires for products without variants. For products with variants, the webhook only fires when the product's inventory properties are configured to track by _product_. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| store/product/inventory/order/updated | Fires when _base product_ inventory levels change in response to the order-related events configured in [Inventory settings](/docs/rest-management/settings/inventory#get-inventory-settings). For example, stock levels can change when you place or complete/ship an order. Stock levels can also change when you refund or cancel an order. Global settings apply when inventory changes through a [manual order](https://support.bigcommerce.com/s/article/Creating-a-Manual-Order?language=en_US). The settings for a channel apply when inventory changes through an order in a channel.<br /><br />The webhook always fires for products without variants. For products with variants, the webhook only fires when you configure the product's inventory properties to track by _product_. |
```

| store/sku/updated | Fires when a SKU is updated. |
| store/sku/deleted | Fires when a SKU is deleted. |
| store/sku/inventory/updated | Fires when inventory levels change for a _variant_. This webhook does not fire for products without variants. <br /><br />For products with variants, the webhook only fires when the product's inventory properties are configured to track by _variant_ and the _variant-level_ inventory changes. <br /><br />Inventory updates made in the control panel and by API trigger the webhook. This includes changes made by apps. In the control panel, you can bulk import inventory updates or make inventory updates to single products on the **Products > View** page. |

> | store/sku/inventory/order/updated | Fires when _variant_ inventory levels change in response to the order-related events configured in [Inventory settings](/docs/rest-management/settings/inventory#get-inventory-settings). For example, stock levels can change when you either place or complete/ship an order. Stock levels can also change when you refund or cancel an order. Global settings apply when inventory changes through a [manual order](https://support.bigcommerce.com/s/article/Creating-a-Manual-Order?language=en_US). Settings for a channel apply when inventory changes through an order in a channel.<br /><br />The webhook does not fire for products without variants. For products with variants, the webhook only fires when the product's inventory properties are configured to track by _variant_. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| store/sku/inventory/order/updated | Fires when _variant_ inventory levels change in response to the order-related events configured in [Inventory settings](/docs/rest-management/settings/inventory#get-inventory-settings). For example, stock levels can change when you place or complete/ship an order. Stock levels can also change when you refund or cancel an order. Global settings apply when inventory changes through a [manual order](https://support.bigcommerce.com/s/article/Creating-a-Manual-Order?language=en_US). Settings for a channel apply when inventory changes through an order in a channel.<br /><br />The webhook does not fire for products without variants. For products with variants, the webhook only fires when you configure the product's inventory properties to track by _product_. |
```
